# OOP_Electronics_Store
Copied from the prompt: Electronics Store is a service that allows you to browse electronics by categories and purchase them.  Electronics Store requires a membership for purchases. There are two different membership types: Standard and Geek. Geek membership allows you to earn points as you purchase. These points can be used for later purchases. A 100$ purchase equals to 100 geek points. 1 point = 0.2$. On the other hand, Standard membership has no advantages.  Obviously when a customer wants to be a member, a membership option should be picked. Then the users should fill in their PayPal information along with their first name, middle initial, last name and e-mail address. Geek membership is $5.99/month while Standard membership is free.  Once a member logs in to the system there will be choices of electronics displayed. The products are grouped into categories. These categories are: TV, Cell Phones, Wearables, PC &amp; Accessories, Video Game Consoles, Cameras, Speakers, Car Electronics, Musical Instruments and Office Electronics. (Check websites for some dummy data). There should be at least 5 distinct products in each category. The inventory should keep track of quantity of the item. Once a product is chosen from the catalogue, the system automatically assigns the product to the member (if the quantity is not ZERO). If the product that is borrowed is the last item in stock, you should enumerate it as “UNAVAILABLE”.   Moreover, the system is able to track the history and once an Admin (another user type) picks “See History” and types the UserID, a purchase history should be shown.  If you think about such a system, there should be a proper definition of classes, subclasses, interfaces and most probably there should be some sort of polymorphic behavior. It can be GUI-based or Console-based.  The team will design and implement the system. Basic error checks should be taken care of (no exception handling required, but some logical checks must be done). You should be using Trello to communicate with your partners. For this project there is no proper design documents submission yet I want to see the progress on Trello.  Good luck!
